
【The Cheshire Cat's Gift】
All options can be obtained later in the game, 
so please choose whichever one you want.

・Ring of Life - Slightly increases HP when equipped.
・Master Key - Unlocks each and every lock. Consumed on use.
・Homeward Bonedust - Returns you to the bonfire you last rested at. Consumed on use.
・Girl's Scent - Completely restores HP and removes Hollowing ailment. Consumed on use.
・Unseen Pepper - Sprinkle it on yourself to turn invisible. Consumed on use.
・Candy - There might be some benefit to collecting them?




【Combat】
Most enemies deal a lot of damage with their attacks and spells,
so facing them directly can quickly lead you to your demise.
Break, Guard, and Dodge are the three tactics that when used 
correctly can allow you to eke out an advantage in combat.


Break - Used on an enemy preparing to unleash a powerful attack or 
		 a Guarding enemy, it will stun that enemy and leave it Vulnerable.
		 However, note that some enemies may have moves that cannot
		 be broken. In those cases, you'll need to Guard or Dodge.


Guard - Halve the damage of incoming physical and magical attacks.
		 Shields can improve the amount of reduced damage further.
		 Additionally, while Guarding, you cannot be Stunned.
		 However, at the same time, Guarding drops your Evasion and
		 Magic Evasion to nothing, and the damage of Guard-piercing
		 attacks cannot be reduced.
　　　　

Dodge - Completely nullify the incoming physical and magical attacks
		 and avoid ailments with a 70% chance. However, you cannot avoid 
		 Stun and unavoidable attacks and spells cannot be Dodged.


※You can use recovery items in combat instantly, without spending a turn.
※You can switch equipment in combat. (Equip command at the bottom of the list.)
※You can use Unseen Pepper to sneak up on enemies from behind and 
  Backstab them. (Some enemies cannot be backstabbed.)



【Ailments】

Hollowing - Reduces MaxHP by 20%. Defeat a boss or use Girl's Scent to remove it.

Stun - Lose the ability to act for a turn. Can be inflicted with most weapons.

Poison - 2% MaxHP damage over time. Can be treated with Antidote Herb.

Deadly Poison - 3% MaxHP damage over time. Can be treated with Antidote Herb.

Oiled - Increases Fire damage taken and reduces Speed by 20% for 3 to 4 turns.
		 Can be removed with Water.

Sleep - Lose the ability to act for 3 to 5 turns. Taking damage cancels it.

Bleed - 3% MaxHP damage over time that lasts 2 to 4 turns. 
		 Can be treated with Blood Stanch.

Burning - 5% MaxHP damage over time that lasts 2 turns. Can be removed with a Water.

Feeble - Lose the ability to recover HP for 10 turns(doesn't affect regeneration). 
		 Can be treated with Vigor Medicine.

Fear - Reduces Evasion and Magic Evasion to nothing for 5 turns. 
		 Can be treated with Candle Embers.

Madness - Permanent 50% MaxHP damage over time. Greatly increases Attack and Magic. 
		 Can be treated with Sedative.

Vulnerable - Lose the ability to act for 2 turns. 
		 Reduces Evasion and Magic Evasion to nothing and reduces Speed. 
		 Doubles damage taken.

Completely Vulnerable - Lose the ability to act for 2 turns. 
		 Reduces Evasion and Magic Evasion to nothing and reduces Speed.
		 Triples damage taken.

Virulent Poison - Permanent 10% MaxHP damage over time. 
		 Can only be removed by dying or resting by a bonfire.

Frail - Increase damage taken by 50%. Can be treated with a Herb Flask or a Blood Vial.

Silence - Lose the ability to use Techniques for 2 turns.
		 Can be treated with Mermaid's Voice.

Frostbite -  Increases Ice damage taken and reduces MDef by 20% for 3 to 4 turns.
		 Can be removed with Charcoal Pine Resin.
		
Laceration - 2% MaxHP damage over time that lasts 5 turns. 
		 Reduces Attack and Magic by 15%.
		 Can be removed with Water.


【Q&A】

Q. I can only reinforce a weapon up to +5.
A. Unique weapons are capped at +5. 
   Additionally, you need Mysterious Shards to reinforce them.


Q. How do I level up?
A. At first, simply defeat bosses and advance through the game.
   Once you reach Library Dream, you'll meet Node there who can raise your level.


Q. What happened to Parry?
A. It's gone. There are ways to counterattack, 
   but you don't avoid the damage with these counters.


Q. Does Backstab damage go up?
A. Backstab damage is equal to your Lv*10+50% enemy's MaxHP.


Q. Feeble doesn't stop enemies from regenerating?
A. It doesn't. Poisons, Burning, and Bleed are good ways to counter regeneration.


Q. What does Luck do?
A. Affects Ailment and Debuff application chances. 
   The higher it is, the less likely you are to be inflicted with one, 
   and the more likely an enemy is.


Q. How do I use Skill Storage?
A. Select a skill you aren't planning to use in combat and press Shift.


Q. How do I use Rabbit Keys?
A. There's a place in Rabbit Hole where you can use them. Hint: Busts.


Q. BGM stopped and NPCs talk in mojibake.
A. Your SEN is too low, you're in great danger!
   Rape White Rabbit Node a few times to quickly restore your SEN.


Q. Any cheat equip this game?
A. Yep.
   Examine the red box to the bottom right in the Library Dream a few times.
   Rings to double Soul and item droprates are there.


Q. I'M TOO SLOOOOW! How do I go faster?
A. You should make a Covenant with Foolish Bird Dodo in the Pond of Bloody Tears. 
   As you increase the Covenant's level, she'll teach you a skill to move faster.


Q. Where's the Chaos Dungeon?
A. Behind the red door in the Dungeon below Library Dream.
  (Your progress has to be above 1 to enter it.)


Q. What's the Chaos Dungeon?
A. It's a sort of roguelite pure grind dungeon.
   The items you find there can be taken outside,
   and it may be a good place to take a break.
   But please don't forget about Alice.


Q. I want to save in the Chaos Dungeon.
A. Though you can't save in the Chaos Dungeon normally, 
   you can interact with the skull before a boss room
   after defeating the boss to save.

Q. Hey, hey! I got bored with the Chaos Dungeon, I want to leave! But I can't! 
   Isn't that, like, too mean?!
A. For that please use Old King's Bonedust from Key Items.


Q. Mimics are laaame!!
A. There's a brief delay between you opening a chest and the mimic attacking you.
   It may be a good idea to quickly step back every time as a precaution.


Q. Why aren't there more H-scenes with me?!! Tee-hee.
A. The main heroine is Alice, you know?


Q. Node is sleeping.
A. That's an event that sometimes happens. 
   Go wild on her, she's asking for it to happen.


Q. Scary faces appear every time I move between areas.
A. You must've done something naughty, haven't you?
   You can ease the curse in the room of reminiscence.



Q. What's Crimean Nursing Graveyard? How do I get there?
A. It's a challenging area and the beginning of DLC 3.
   You can access it from Carroll River.
  (But first, you have to clear End G and talk with Mabel
   at least once. Also, you'll need your SEN to be 31+)

Q. I can't find Sparks in Crimean Nursing Graveyard.
A. There's one on each of 2F/3F/4F. Once you gather them, 
   try igniting the lamps and you should be able to reach a new floor.


Q. What's with the door on the left side of Chaos Dungeon hub?
   How do I open it?
A. If you challenge Chaos Dungeon and raise Depth at least once,
   Mabel will appear near the Chaos Dungeon bonfire and that door will open.


Q. Crimean Nursing Graveyard's bosses are too strong!
A. It is recommended to have 10-20k stats for that area and beyond.
   Also, it might be a good idea not to limit yourself to just one set of equipment.


Q. It's too hard.
A. Going through the cycles increases the difficulty.
   You can check your current difficulty at the statue in the top right
   of Library Dream and reduce it if you so desire.



Q. Remove horror parts.
A. I'm sorry if it scared you, you're completely right.
   It's the creator's bad taste. Please find the ability to compromise in your generous heart.
   You are brave and strong, your soul more tenacious than you may think.
   No matter what fear or malice comes for you, it cannot kill you.
   Your conviction is true, and as long as you don't give up it will sweep away 
   any fog of nightmares and give you the power to keep advancing.
   ...However, if you find yourself tired, there's nothing wrong with seeking
   solace in the embraces of the heroines. Rest your feet for now,
   and one day you will conquer any challenge before you, that is what I believe.	
　



【Rough Map】
Switch font to VL Gothic for optimal viewing



Library Dream　　　　　　　　　　　Nameless Forest──Station Hanover─→Queensland
                                    ｜
                                    ｜             
                                    ｜           Duchess' Mansion──Infinite Food
                                    ｜　　　　           ｜
      　　　　　　┌────→Pond of Bloody Tears──Spore Forest──Mushroom Village
      　　　　　　｜　　　　　　　　　　　    ｜
      　　　　　　｜　　　　    　　┌──Liddell Cemetery──Garden of the Heart──Red Castle Frissel
      　　　　　　｜　　　　　    　｜　　　  ｜
      　　　　　　｜　　　　　    　｜　　Ripon Grand Cathedral
　      　　　　　｜　　　　　    　｜　　　
Crash Chamber─Rabbit Hole───Lutwidge Town　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　　　　     The Surface of the Moon
　　　　　　      ｜　       　     ｜　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　　　　    ｜　
　　　　　　      ｜　　　　　　     ├──Park of Fog──Upper Lutwidge Town──────Ox Ward University──Endless Tea Party──Sick Clock Tower
　　　　　　      ｜　       　     ｜　　　　　　　　　　　　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　         ｜
　　　　　　      ｜　　　　　　     ├─Mental Ward                                               ｜
　　　　　　      ｜　       　     ｜　　　                   　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　       ｜
　　　　    Fuming Forest───Billingsgate Market──Beach of Grief──Sea Turtle Restaurant     ｜
　　　　      　　　　　　　　　　　  ｜                     ｜　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　          ｜
　　　                        Slaughterhouse      Oysters' Rotted Sea    　　　　　　　　　       ｜
　　　　      　　　　　　　　　　　  ｜　                   ｜                                     ｜
　　　　      　　　　　　　　　　　  ｜       　      Ship Graveyard──Terrible Tragic Hotel      ｜
　　　　      　　　　　　　　　　　  ｜                     ｜                                     ｜
　　　　      　　　　　　　　　　　  ｜                 HMS Erebus　　　　　　　　　　　　           ｜
　　　　      　　　　　　　　　　　  ｜                     ｜                                     ｜ 　　　　　　　　　　　　
　　　　      　　　　　　　　　　　  ｜        　        Deep Sea                                  ｜
　　　　      　　　　　　　　　　　  ｜                                                            ｜
　　　　　　　　　　　　　       Carroll River──Old Sheep's Shop                                 ｜
　　　　      　　　　　　　　　　　  ｜                                                           ｜
　　　　      　　　　　　　　　　　  └─────────────────────────────────┘                                                       
　　　　      　　　　　　　　　　　  ｜
　　　　      　　　　　　　　　　　  ｜
　　　　      　　　　　　　　　　　  ｜　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　  
 　　　　　　　　　　　    Crimean Nursing Graveyard
　　　　      　　　　　　　　　　　  ｜
　　　　      　　　　　　　　　　　  ｜
　　　　　　　                   Winterbell


















【Ending Conditions】


※SPOILER ALERT!!!
※SPOILER ALERT!!!
※SPOILER ALERT!!!
※SPOILER ALERT!!!
※SPOILER ALERT!!!
※SPOILER ALERT!!!
※SPOILER ALERT!!!
※SPOILER ALERT!!!
※SPOILER ALERT!!!
※SPOILER ALERT!!!
※SPOILER ALERT!!!
※SPOILER ALERT!!!



























End A: Defeat the last boss and make love with Alice.
End B: Raise the Covenants of specific heroines(Node, Bill, Dodo, Shisha, 
       the Duchess, the Hatter, the Mock Turtle, Wolris, Tweedle Twins) to Lv3,
	   then make love with Node and after the act choose to give up on your search.
End C: Lose to the last boss.
End D: Kill Alice.
End E: Kill Alice with your SEN at 0 or below.
End F: Stand with Mary Ann in the Hidden Route.
End G: Stand with Red Hood in the Hidden Route.
End H: Defeat the backstage Boss of Winterbell.


Reaching Hidden Route - Collect 6 memories of Alice. 
                        Meet and talk with Red Hood in at least 10 different places. 
                        Have Leaf's Ring.
                        Upon fulfilling these 3 conditions, move onto the next cycle,
                        don't skip the opening, and when given the choice, cancel instead.






